300 this morning TDRs picked up an
automated navigation beacon broadcasting
a two-minute interval in Neptune orbit
this is incredible
Avenger ice she's come back you men
horizon the combination of a secret
government project to create a
spacecraft capable of faster-than-light
flight ship doesn't really go fast like
what it does is it creates a dimensional
gateway that allows him to jump
instantaneously from one point of the
universe to another light-years away
where she'd been for the last 7 years
don't that's what we're here to find out
after seven years in deep space 18
people on board this ship when it
disappeared I want them all accounted
for opening other doors came back
abandoned negative this place is a tool
but it didn't come back
[Music]
beyond the boundaries of our universe
reactant wasn't the reactions are
getting stronger
this ship is alive
[Music]